This is a head-gum original.
Oh, hey.
One of my new favorite things that makes me laugh a lot is earnest waving.
Oh, it's like a die delivered.
Like if we all kind of live in this area, if you see people that you know a lot from your car or on the street,
and my favorite thing is just a pleasant wave.
Yeah.
Nobody does that.
At the end of a zoom.
One second, actually.
It's really interesting that we connect on this building.
Oh, wow.
So does that go into that?
I had a day that pleasant waves.
The day that it was announced.
There was like a week after Trump may have lost.
Right.
And then when it was announced and everyone was partying on Sunset Boulevard,
I went for a walk before the party.
And every neighbor I saw, it was literally Truman Show.
Everyone was literally saying, good morning, neighbor.
A good morning, neighbor.
Good morning.
Yeah.
That was a great day.
Um, drove down Sunset blasting music.
Yeah.
Saw my friend, Cecilia, twirking on off of a moving van.
Whoa.
Yeah.
Sorry.
One second.
We only have 45 minutes.
We have to get it right.
Yeah.
It's hard to edit the video.
When you have these fucking flubs.
Wasn't a flow.
I said, wow.
Nice.
He didn't flow.
Yeah.
He spoke.
Then I got off the line.
I genuinely apologized.
We're even the casey behind the camera as well.
We got a lot of requests for more Donna Hugh.
Really more Casey for more.
Casey, what's your title producer?
Yeah.
I'm a producer.
There's always intrigue with the person behind the boards.
Yes.
I always become the coolest person in the equation.
Yeah.
All the mystery that you don't know what they look like.
Can do no wrong.
Yes.
Casey have been on camera just a voice.
Well, we're going to need to get them on the show eventually.
So people will see his face.
But I'd like to keep the air of mystery for at least one more week.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Um, and Casey's a good name for mysterious person because Casey can be anybody.
I'm excited about it because all the big podcasts have this kind of like tertiary
producer character.
Mm-hmm.
And now it's like proving that we have not only production value but spiritual worth.
Right.
So it's like, I'm worth a damn because of Donna Hugh.
What is the other podcast that you're thinking about that has a Hollywood handbook,
on fantasy, everything.
Uh-huh.
Conan O'Brien needs a friend.
I see.
Uh, the daily.
Really?
There's producer, Travis.
Mm-hmm.
Travis?
It's like Travis, but with an end.
Yeah.
Sure.
That one.
Oh.
Back at it again, Monday morning.
Uh, would you say we're Monday morning quarterbacking it?
Well, we were supposed to do this on Friday, which sort of has a fun weekend energy to it.
And instead we're doing it at the worst time of the week, which was Monday morning.
Yeah.
Well, weekend is over.
Well, Jeff actually texted us like last Monday.
Yeah.
Can you do Friday?
And we both kind of made it clear that we can maybe do Friday, but Thursday would be absolutely
better.
Oh, yeah.
And there was like a 72 hour window where we just simply didn't hear back from Jeff.
Yeah.
That Thursday could be better.
And then it was like Wednesday night.
And we're like, OK.
So Thursday's probably not happening.
But I texted Jeff on Wednesday night.
And I was like, hey, listen, Thursday's now like off the table.
Yeah.
Because you didn't lock it in.
Because I haven't heard from you.
And I've heard from others.
And then Thursday, or at some point around Thursday, we got another text from Jeff saying,
Hey, I have another friend coming into town because Jeff is human Airbnb.
Yeah.
And I'm sitting on Jeff for a weekend.
So he moved it today.
Right.
Good morning, quarterback.
I'm not going to apologize for being spontaneous.
But then I also forgot about today until you text.
You're like, we're going to want for today at 10.
45, like at 9.
45.
More than that Monday.
I sent a calendar in.
Did you?
Yeah, Monday.
Of course.
Oh, for Monday.
I definitely did not receive a set calendar.
Yeah.
I didn't know about this.
I didn't get a calendar.
Yeah.
That's what you said.
So I'll see you at like an hour of your backpack.
Good reminder.
There are really funny subtle joke that like, but he actually forgot.
No, yeah.
I actually need it because if I if I don't get the invite, I'm not actually putting it into
my calendar.
Right.
And then once it's in my calendar, I think it was in for Friday.
I definitely didn't officially move it to Monday.
Right.
Because I didn't hear about it.
Meanwhile, I'm reprioritizing calls that I'm supposed to be on right now to do this podcast
that no one remembered was even happening.
Right.
That was easy.
No.
As a matter of fact, it wasn't.
I may have lost work due to the fact that this non-priority podcast has taken my schedule.
Well, we have a budget for fees now.
Excuse me.
We have a budget for fees.
Go on.
So this is going to be $700 in your pocket if you can win a game later.
Is that a real $750 because we played games like this before.
And I've never actually got the Venmo.
It does come from my personal pocket.
But you should send them crypto.
Since if you guys are both on Coinbase, it makes it sort of quasi legal under the table.
But still I instant transfer.
Are you in NFTs?
No.
Okay.
Uh, this already sucks.
I'm sorry.
But like, we're going to have to save it with some, uh, some sound.
What's extra funny to me is that I can't hear Jeff.
But I have to write that.
I mean it.
I just hear Jeff.
And again with the wife.
Cool.
Um, it's as if I have like, but by now.
Sonic four fields.
Yeah.
We're still figuring out some tech.
That would have been.
You should have done some tests.
What is the other one shoot?
Because you're still on a recording Friday schedule for the following Friday.
So do you plan on recording another one this week?
Because I haven't heard about anything.
Yeah.
Okay.
But I'll probably do it with the New York crew.
That's good.
Um, we've got a lot to get to today.
Oh.
Get started.
Yeah.
Um, I miss Marika.
I got less Marika.
Now that we're back in LA.
Well, I, we need to find more Marika.
We could have tried to get her to be on here.
Okay.
We're out there.
Yeah.
Before with guests.
Okay.
Remote guests.
Yeah.
Um, I just thought it would be fun to do the guys.
Sure.
Under the guys.
Yeah.
The 90026 fellows.
That's not my good.
Really?
That is my zip code.
Not for long.
Um.
Let's get it started off with our bonds of the week.
Mine's Reese with her spoon.
Nice.
If I could just say one thing.
I listened to a headcom podcast recently.
Let's get back to the show.
These are always a set up for him to sing that Beyonce song.
You don't know about me.
Yes.
And also G.
I believe the episode.
Yeah.
I was thinking about clarified butter.
So I'm prepared.
I'm prepared for this to go into the Beyonce song.
Maybe if we always say that.
You must not know about Reese.
She was married to a less successful actor.
There has a date to even call him an actor.
Baby.
You must not know fully.
I know.
Her ex husband's name's Ryan Philippe.
So don't you ever for a second get to thinking.
He's here replaceable.
Ryan Philippe was actually more famous than Reese with her spoon when they started dating.
He was a really popular actor in the 90s.
Cool intentions.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And yeah.
Yeah.
And he was a heartthrob.
I think before Jeff was born.
So we must know about Reese to know details like this.
Yeah.
As a matter of fact.
I wasn't around yet.
Right.
I was born in 1997.
I wasn't around.
Yeah.
Cowboy, Jeff.
So I was right.
So he doesn't want to know our bonds.
I didn't even hear his lyrics.
Like I said, these are just prohibiting me.
Yeah.
I think the guy is sitting next to me.
You must not know about Reese.
She was married to a less successful actor.
Has it taken to even call him an actor, baby?
Isn't he?
Aren't they still together?
And why do you hesitate to call him an actor?
I haven't seen him in anything.
Has he seen you and anything?
Are you an actor?
I didn't.
I'm not an actor.
Okay.
You must not know for Leap.
Who's for Leap?
Oh, Riley.
Okay.
Her ex husband's name's Ryan Philippe.
So don't you ever for a second divorce?
They're divorcing.
Yeah.
That he's irreplaceable because he was replaced.
Interesting.
Are they is she remarried?
Yeah.
This is the least gone of it.
What about Coach K?
Oh, that's good.
You must not know Coach K.
Doesn't have to do with the song.
This is the game we're playing about bond of the week.
Oh, forget about song.
So it's my theory holds that.
Because the bond of the week is now just a kind of a smoke screen together.
Yeah.
I just threw out a bond of the week.
And you said, how will that actually feel?
It will be our next song.
Yeah.
You think because he needs a job?
I think it would be an interesting watch for an hour and a half.
Interesting.
Yeah.
I don't know if he'll be able to do the stunts.
I also don't know how good he is at a read.
But he's available.
He's available.
Yeah.
But he's not on a veil.
We'll read him.
Yeah.
But it's like kind of a favor to like, you know, the EP.
He did, he did pretty good in the AT&T commercials.
He did.
That's true.
So.
You're saying I don't have the job.
That was my coach.
Okay.
It's good.
Let's run.
What?
I'm going to cut this out.
This is my show.
So what?
So it's not other people's time to shine.
Just doing a goofy and fresh.
A good podcast host knows when to step aside.
Right.
But when I have you on the couch, there's no chance that I'll step aside.
Jeff always invites you, right?
It's not presumed that you're on every else.
Yeah.
Well, you've got to make the invite this week.
But I was still texted about showing up.
Okay.
So he invites you to this room.
Yeah.
And then he complains about your being here.
That's right.
Yeah.
Okay.
Just want everyone at home to know the rules of the game.
Yeah.
It's scheduled this for 1045 a Monday on Friday.
Or no, on Thursday.
I think I said 1045 because I had something Friday and noon.
Yes.
And then it moved to Monday.
And you throughout 11 on Monday.
Yeah.
We all agree today.
Right.
But I should have sent the calendar.
Did you remember before the text you found the week?
I was moving around phone calls this morning.
Yeah.
Work was coming in.
I had to explain to them that I have to reluctantly do this podcast.
Where I get barated for an hour with my buddy.
Yeah.
Okay.
It's not going to be that bad.
What's I know it sucks so far.
But that's because of the energy.
What has been the most viral TikTok content that has come from the show thus far?
Because maybe knowing that I can.
We do some more.
We did have a TikTok around Sally to our Griffin last week.
Right.
But I haven't checked the numbers on that.
Casey, can we get a number scrunch on the last TikTok?
Yeah.
Sure.
A number scrunch.
That's it.
That's eddy thing.
Followed on my phone.
Followed on the week.
Bond of the week.
Let's go with the guy in the movie I saw yesterday.
Forget his name.
You remember his name?
He was really good in that film actually.
Which one?
Maybe the Curtis?
Not Jamie.
Oh, guy.
Yeah.
Oh.
The guy from Goonies?
Yes, exactly.
And Indiana Jones.
Dr. Jones.
Yeah.
Who's that?
His voice has remained the same.
The movie is everything everywhere all at once.
Right.
It is this very optimistic like we can't give up on faith and joy and hope character.
Yes.
That's me.
Well.
Kiwi Kwan.
Yeah.
He was he had the gadgets in Goonies.
If you've ever seen that movie.
I've never seen Goonies.
I wasn't talking yet.
I wasn't right.
It was before my decision.
That is him.
Casey, what's that TikTok doing number twice?
A little over 2,000 views.
So not that many.
If at all.
Okay.
Um.
Yeah.
Let's move on.
Then.
So one of the pieces of advice that we got from Sally Darr was that people love to hear the
tea in regards to dating in LA.
Do you say tea?
Yeah.
Like normally?
I actually got into a conversation with my friend who was visiting about gossip.
Okay.
I love gossip.
But I don't like shit talking.
Okay.
Which there's a difference.
I think that gossip can be positive.
Yeah.
Like gossip's just the news of your friend group.
What you've heard.
Yeah.
Whispers.
We shit talking is being like this person sucks for these reasons.
With a slant.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gossip can venture into shit talking.
But I do think they're different.
Okay.
Love gossip.
People love the tea.
Yeah.
I want to know the tea with what's happening with my friends that I haven't seen
in a while.
Okay.
Because you can't see your friends that often.
Right.
So.
Dating an LA.
What's it like?
You're to look at a screen for that question.
Yeah.
I did drop.
You're at your notes.
What do you.
I mean, because you're a weird.
We're in relationships.
Right.
It is married.
So we're not dating an LA.
You're the one.
You should be telling us what's like being single an LA.
But you never stopped dating your wife.
Really?
This is.
Okay.
You never stopped dating.
You're now on the tightrope.
Let's see how this goes.
You lose the spark.
Sorry, one second.
Yeah.
If you lose the spark.
If you lose the hormones.
Uh, what else do you have?
Where are you drawing?
What are you drawing from?
You have no wisdom.
You have no experience.
And yeah.
I'm living.
I'm living the life that you are trying to tell me how to lead.
But you've never lived this life.
I read a preface of mating in captivity.
Mating?
What?
Mating in captivity?
It was married.
It had happened.
The jail.
No, you can't.
You can't lose that luster.
Love when you look down.
To get smart again.
It's as if you're charging your intelligence.
No.
So you can never.
Look up.
And be smart.
There are certain mannerisms that if you have it doesn't matter what you say.
Right.
So if I go like this, like I just did.
You guys suddenly think that it's hard.
He's carefree.
Yeah.
I'm like, yeah.
You're not stiff.
Right.
Like that.
That's like literally a pausing.
That's like transcend stiff.
Whether it's with your wife or with your long-term partner.
Tell us about dating.
People wanted me to smack you on Twitter.
Did you see this?
Yes.
Yeah.
Because they thought it would happen.
I'm sure that something will happen in the next 25 minutes that is smack.
Where the end, I do give you full permission to follow me.
And that may be the viral tick talk.
Plus 2,000 view moment that we need.
It could be like the Andy Kaufman thing.
We're not smacked on.
I think Letterman wasn't.
And people didn't know if it was real or not.
Yeah.
Okay.
Full permission.
You don't have to do it.
I don't want to do it.
You might have to.
Um.
Tell us about dating in LA.
Well actually Billy and I both saw a movie this weekend on separate dates of sorts with our ladies.
So that's an example of a date.
You get some food.
You watch some movie.
That's like a classic.
That's like dinner in a movie.
Mm-hmm.
You can't get more classic than that date wise.
Yep.
Especially in LA.
Definitely not in LA.
Yeah.
You can do that anywhere.
Right.
Like I want to hear about you guys going to the fucking no vacancy.
Oh yeah.
It was last time you were at Laurel Hardware.
What?
I'll be there first.
Oh that's a cool bar.
Yeah.
He's pulling up a sound.
Hold for it guys.
That didn't work.
That absolute didn't work.
What do you want?
What's the success?
What is the successful answer to that question look like?
Yes.
We've been to Laurel Hardware.
Yeah recently.
Yeah.
The best thing.
Oh recently?
No.
I was saying that.
Oh no.
No.
Yeah.
You're just throwing people into your awkward conversations.
Why don't you tell us about dating in LA?
Dating in LA is easy.
It's such a large pool to draw from.
You must not know about ease.
How much is a date cost?
No bus.
First date cost.
In Los Angeles.
It depends what you want to do.
I mean you can do anything for free.
Are you taking?
Are you matching with ladies on apps?
I.
You must not know about field.
Yeah.
So I field is my app of choice.
It's for three sums, casual sex.
Okay.
So are you when you match with a lady on a dating app?
Is the first date usually hey come out with me and my friends or is it like let's meet for a drink one on one?
Right.
It depends how it goes on.
When was last time you met up with someone one on one for a drink that you met on a dating app?
That honestly would have been last October.
Wow.
Six months of New York.
You did date someone in New York?
Yeah.
From a dating app?
No.
From a meta at a party.
Fourth of July party in Laurel Canyon actually.
And then you dated her in New York City.
She moved to New York.
I went to New York.
There were so many faces in the last 10 seconds.
What a thrill to watch him have so many emotions.
He was like happy, confused.
Maybe I might be angry.
Wow.
Okay.
I tend to meet people organically.
That's why I think it's easy.
I just go to parties.
And then you know, you meet friends of friends.
You find them attractive.
You take them out or not.
Or you.
Zebulon is really the catalyst for.
Spreading legs.
Enjoy.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Send you one.
Ha ha ha ha.
The catalyst.
Earlier when you said it's just going to be the goddess.
That's the fear that was going to come out of you ever had a night where you've
spread one of or all of these four things.
Joy, libel, wisdom and legs.
So you didn't have to look at the computer for that question.
Ha ha ha ha.
But you did have to say, how's dating in LA?
Joy, libel.
Room.
I wisdom.
It doesn't matter who you're with as long as your thighs are thick.
If you had the lag in, you can have anyone.
You're legs are thin.
You have incredibly thin legs.
I, when I get things tailored, it's about making sure two things are right.
The, the fangles that's thin ankles and the seat.
What's the seat?
That's the ass.
You say it.
Look at the ass.
This is the rat voice.
I want to say it's good.
I want to say it.
Say word.
I focus on the fangles.
Have a seat.
Which is?
Yes.
You have a kind of dark male smurf villain.
Are you?
I'm talking about hot.
Heming pants.
To make your big butt and thin legs.
I'm talking about Heming way to make way for my ass.
So all the jeans that you wear, they can't come standard.
Because nobody has a standard leg.
Slash ass ratio that you guys.
Five, twelve.
So what size are you looking for?
Waste and then length.
34, 32.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Although, I think I'm more a 33.
Because 34 is always too loose.
And I don't, I need to get a belt.
That's the issue.
Casey has a good belt.
Really?
Yeah.
You want me to show it to you?
I want you to sound it to us.
Yeah.
So stand up and just like undo one notch.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Just because someone has a microphone.
We have to make them go.
We have to take a break.
Whether you do the clankling.
No kidding.
We have to take a break.
Yeah.
You just told the person to stand up and make the sound of his belt coming off.
It's fun to work.
Let the bear work.
Whatever.
We'll take her.
We'll be right back after you think some sponsors.
Sponsors.
Thank you to firstly for sponsoring this episode of our show.
When you're on the hunt for a new wine, you have two options.
You can wander around your local grocery store or wine mart picking bottles at random slash
ad nauseam or you can get personalized wines.
You'll love delivered right to your door.
And for the fraction of the cost, if you love the excitement of discovering new wines,
but hate the risk of disappointment, first leaf wine club is a no-brainer.
First leaf is a wine club that curates and ships wines that are personalized to your
tastes, allowing you to discover wines from five different continents and 12 different countries.
And when you rate the wine, you receive first leaf learns more about your palate.
So not only are you being introduced to a ton of new wine, each first leaf box gets better and better.
Firstly, you sent me a couple bottles of wine.
I'm on my first box for now.
They sent me four bottles and I'm super into some of the grige.
I'm super into some of the California charts.
So I think I'm going to rate those highly and I'll leave the Grinosh.
I'll leave the Grinosh and the next box is going to be even more catered to my taste.
And here's a fun little not so secret about firstly.
They work directly with wine makers, which means you get incredible wine.
60% off retail.
That's crazy.
I don't know a lot about wine, but I do know that the markups are insane.
And so this is kind of cutting that out.
It's an unbelievable product here.
I will say that I like that they send different wines from all across the world.
I'm trying to get more into wine as a part of my quest to become wise because wine makes you wise.
And firstly, it's helped me out with that.
I'm loving it so far.
I truly want to keep going with this even if they don't continue sponsoring it.
I love this product.
Firstly, if it's also so confident that you'll love the wine, they have a 100% satisfaction guarantee.
If you receive a bottle that isn't exactly what you're hoping for,
firstly, we'll credit your account.
That's confidence.
If you love finding and tasting new wines, first leaf is a no-brainer.
So join today and you'll get six bottles of wine for 29.95 and free shipping.
Just go to tryfirstleaf.com slash what's that?
That's six bottles of wine for 29.995 and free shipping at tryfirstleaf.com slash what's that?
Thank you to Farrity for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, everyone's talking about fake spring, right?
And how difficult it is to dress around this time.
But that's because it is.
It can be so difficult to find the right outfit in the spring.
When every day is different and when weather can change at the drop of a hat.
Luckily, Farrity makes it way easier because they make the perfect clothes for all seasons.
Farrity is a family run brand making high quality, timeless clothing with modern design and functionality.
And it's that kind of effortless style you want.
Every time you go digging in your closet, that's set, that shirt, that dress that feels like you've had them for years.
And maybe it's in a gorgeous print and it looks like it might be vintage, but it fits so well that it feels like it was made just yesterday just for you.
Well, that's Farrity.
Guys, I've said this before. Farrity has been an amazing brand in my closet.
I have a long sleeve reversible shirt.
Sort of a shirt sweater hybrid actually.
Where one side is striped, the other one solid Heather Gray.
And I've had that shirt since like 2018, 2017.
And it's absolutely something that I pull out of my closet every year.
It's unbelievably high quality stuff. I couldn't be more excited about this partnership.
And Farrity is so confident in the quality of their stuff that they actually have a lifetime guarantee of quality.
There will replace or fix your clothes forever, no matter what.
I mean, talk about making it easier to get dressed.
And right now, Farrity is giving all headgum podcasts listeners 20% off.
That's 20% off, guys. That's actually a lot at Farrity.
So head to FarrityBrand.com and use code.
What's that?
Check out to snag 20% off all your new spring staples.
That's code.
What's that?
At Farrity, F-A-H-E-R-T-Y brand.com for 20% off.
Thanks, Farrity.
And we're back.
Bill, let's get furious on the facts.
And I guess I'm being able to build on the facts for the first time ever.
Yeah.
I'm sort of playing rhythm guitar over here.
I'm the social lubrication that is popular here.
Because now it's like a uverse Billy situation.
And I'm just trying to like referee it.
I'm chill out.
I'm chill out now.
Okay.
There will be no slap.
Should we get in our first segment?
This is way too long.
I have something I want to say.
Yeah, I'm going to build the gear.
You have to wait.
I've heard it before.
Before you get to the segment.
Yeah.
It's particularly funny.
When someone offers a pleasant wave and it is not risky.
I'll be here.
Thank you.
Such a non-response.
It does that.
It's like trying to heat foam.
Like I don't get it.
It's just bouncing back.
Welcome to Bad Small Talk.
We've been in this segment for the best 25 minutes.
For the past 40 episodes.
Yeah.
Well, this is going to be a little bit more intentional.
Small Talk to me is the fall of talk.
What?
I can't stand small talk.
Okay.
Like it makes you anxious or like, yeah.
Nobody really cares.
It's a waste of time.
It's a waste of energy.
It's a waste of joy in wisdom.
It's a waste of.
Paced.
A waste of what?
Because sometimes he just says wisdom.
So, he just says wisdom.
The word wisdom or like, no, the word wisdom.
No, the word wisdom.
Not saying.
Not the thing is.
When he just talking, when there.
His heart.
He's just about the idea.
He's still.
It doesn't mean anything.
Right.
So, I'm going to give examples of places.
I'm going to be a stranger and then you guys are going to alternate off and you guys are going to just like, you know, come up to me or maybe we're sitting next to each other or like we're in line together.
Okay. So first off at the DMV. We've been waiting a while. Okay. So let's start with me and Billy. Okay. I engage with you. Yeah. Okay.
How long have you been here? Don't talk to me.
That's probably the end of it.
Yeah. I can read social cues. I know. Oh, I forgot to also mention that I'm going to try and disarm you guys and it's going to be sort of this breach of social contract because what if we just didn't have any small talk?
Okay. Seems like you really want to include that element in this game when explaining it.
All right. I'm here at the grocery store. Sure. I'm looking at some bonds of mac and cheese. You come up to me.
What's your favorite one? What's that? What's your favorite mac and cheese? There's so many options.
Doesn't matter. Okay. I was going to say I like this organic version even though it's like supposed to be healthy.
We weren't going to say it because you just did. Right. Sorry, pal.
Can you at least move out of your way? Your ass is so big and your ankles are so small. I can't even see the boxes.
I'm trying to decide on white cheddar versus yellow cheddar. Get them both. They're like 49 cents each.
Really? Yeah. That's actually kind of interesting.
I'm glad we had this. Alright. I'm heading out. Let's nice meeting you. No, we should keep this going. You want to do?
Sorry. I'm on the phone. You want to do drum on the phone.
Yeah. There's this fucking weird ask guy trying to talk to me next to the powdered.
Is this now we could do a drum? Is his lower half like trade or shape?
Yeah. He's a Russian nesting dog. I saw that same guy at the D.A.
He's every has this energy that invites you into conversation.
But as soon as you do, it's that I mentioned it's called.
Yes. And that's sort of a new option.
No, like it's sort of a new option. I thought you were just lightly tipping.
But then he falls back up. Like you do a pick.
You can get me. I can do a picnic.
I would not top or bottom. He could do it.
Just be a picnic as a picnic as a picnic.
I would be a parking lot. He won't stop talking.
I'm going to call him a bomb threat.
Click.
Alright. That was really good.
We got somewhere with that one.
Small talk. Yeah.
Because you made it worth his while.
You're while.
Hmm? Nothing.
Alright. That's Abilan.
He was just impersonating like an acting coach.
I see.
Because you made it worth his while.
You found the wand.
The wisdom.
The wand was there.
Yeah.
And if I do say so myself.
That was easy.
Here we go.
That's Abilan.
I'm at the bar.
I'm getting it to content.
You come up to me.
Here we go.
Did you order already?
I would love to spread your legs.
What?
Did you like?
Sorry.
Yeah.
He keeps walking out to people saying that he'd love to spread their legs.
No.
You say that to women.
That's what I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to tell you.
At this bar.
Am I the first person you said?
You said that.
Was the first person you said that to a woman?
Was she uncomfortable?
No.
It was the balance.
Are you here to make people feel uncomfortable?
No.
I'm here to spread the shit with sentences like that.
Because it is inappropriate in 2022.
We're all coming out of a pandemic.
And we want some normalcy and fun.
And we don't need your bullshit.
With lines like that, making us feel uncomfortable to see a concert again.
So I get it.
Maybe there's a hidden camera.
And you think there's some cute bullshit.
And you're trying to get some clicks.
But cut the shit with the spreading the legs bullshit.
And if you say that to my wife.
And if you say that to any of her friends.
You will have a serious fucking problem on your hands.
All right, Guy.
Take your beer and get the fuck out of here.
I can't take it to go.
What's that?
I can't take the burger to go.
Get it away from me and my friends.
Yeah.
All right.
A trip.
You said you recently talked like that to a bartender.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
You actually did that.
I did.
It was much shorter than that.
But this guy was fucking asshole.
He asked me to show my vaccination on my phone and my license in the bar in the bar.
We've already crossed him.
But that's not the issue.
I will never be like, no, I'm already in the bar.
So I'm trying to show him my license with the light of my phone.
But I'm showing him my license and the light of my phone this way.
And I can't get the lighting right.
And after like 10 seconds of trying five seconds trying,
he looks to be like, come on, Guy.
And I was just like.
And I literally put them down.
I was like, mother fucker, I am trying to help you out.
All I bought is a drink for me and my wife.
Don't come on, Guy.
Me.
I'm trying to show you my license.
You said that to him?
Yeah, it was very angry.
He was provoked.
He was provoking me.
I don't just fly off the hand.
What?
What bar was this?
Zem, you long.
It was.
He almost had golf.
He's probably afraid of this face.
I don't promote violence except with Jeff.
Which is actually peace.
It creates peace.
So what did he say when you were so mean to him?
He was just afraid.
He was in a mood.
You could tell that he was in a mood.
I see.
But I was also in a bad mood.
Yeah.
He said mother fucker is the beginning of a set.
And Marie and was like, the eye roll.
Oh, really?
It was like, I'm comfortable a little moment.
What?
What bar was?
Some cocktail bar and echo park.
Bar floors.
Maybe.
You don't remember?
No, I don't remember restaurant names or movie titles.
This is the two things.
Nope.
All right.
Here you go.
At the Hedgeham Studio.
Oh, what?
No one is here.
See and feel joy from your face.
So we're just recording a podcast.
Let's say.
Okay.
It's time for a bond of the week.
Yeah.
It seems like you're just bringing that segment up.
So you can sing a Beyonce song.
Yeah.
It's funny because like doing this show,
I sort of put on a visage of a visage and a natural word to say.
This one moment was sort of a wrinkle in time,
where I could kind of sort of be myself and it didn't feel good
because I sort of, I brown out really.
Right.
Even when I black out, I brown out for obvious reasons.
And if this is what you guys feel, this energy,
I cannot apologize more than I am.
Then I am in the moment.
It's me.
Oh.
Appreciate it.
So.
So sorry.
Yeah.
Except.
But do you forgive?
I accept, but I don't forgive.
Yeah.
So I understand that you feel that and that's good.
But at the same time, I'm not going to just like take it.
Now we're back to you.
Yeah.
And honestly, like I haven't heard of where you said,
I've just been watching your acting choices throughout the process.
And I can like register that you're sad.
What for?
No, but it's not acting.
It's like, this is, this is real.
This is it.
It's real.
It's exactly feeling how I am being.
I don't know.
I don't let the rice.
Shine on me.
Okay.
This is flirty.
I don't like it.
All right.
Here we go.
Let the rice.
Shine on.
Where does he go?
That was bad small talk.
We had more.
There is more.
But we have to move on.
So for the record, I don't go up to people, especially women in sad.
Like spread your legs.
Right.
That was just for the bit.
It was just for a podcast.
Yeah.
These are essentially noise canceling headphones.
I have no idea what you two were just talking about.
It doesn't matter.
It's not because of the music.
There's just things covering my ears.
It's kind of like you're out of loud bar and people are talking.
I can't take that.
What?
It's like you're out of loud concert and people are talking.
I can't play with this thing.
Yeah.
I do hear the music.
Prices right.
Welcome to the price of Christ.
This is the price of Christ.
Do you guys know Christ?
No.
It's K-R-E-I-S-S.
Dude.
Yeah.
My friends.
That's my friend's family's business.
Are you kidding me?
The furniture business.
Jesus.
So you better be good at this.
Yeah.
Well, who's your friend that runs?
Is his name Christ?
You know Nick Christ?
He used to run punked?
No.
Yeah.
He used to run punked.
And he was like worked with Ashdenculture a bunch.
Wow.
So this is his family's furniture.
It's like a goliath.
It's like restoration hardware level.
Pretty fancy, pretty expensive.
Although I don't want to give you too many hints because this is the price of Christ.
So I'm going to show you various pieces of furniture.
Keep in mind.
This is all aftermarket.
Oh.
What does that mean?
It means it's being sold secondhand.
Okay.
It's not going to be retail.
And you bought it from them.
And now you're selling it.
And you want to see how much you start for it.
I got it at retail slash ad nauseam because I was sort of in a frenzy.
I couldn't get enough of Christ.
And yeah, I need to fucking free up some cash.
So this is going to be the price of Christ.
This is for actual cash.
Oh.
Okay.
So for every right answer, let's say 25 bucks because I can swing that.
For every wrong answer, it's 25 owed to me.
Which is kind of fucked up that I kind of begged for your time.
We're not going to pay you on a chance.
Never.
It is price of Christ rules.
So you know, close this gas over.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Do not look at my screen.
Please because I do have this the price.
I'm going to tilt my thing.
Here we go.
This is two lounge chairs with an Ottoman.
Certainly is.
This looks old.
Very.
This is like from the early 80s.
And it also looks weathered as if like various generations of family members have already sat on.
It's like the top one is so dark.
It's almost like it's almost fake.
Like there's hints of blue with the rest of it.
This is this matte black sheet.
The seats are leather leather.
Yeah.
That's awful.
They're leather seats and fat.
It's Christ.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
That's their special slogan that I've been pitching to them.
Yeah.
What do we think?
For the whole setting.
For the whole set.
So old as a set.
899.
Yeah.
899 dollars.
I'm going to say 16.
Black.
1600 flat.
Wow.
See.
But one of you can't just be right.
So I'm going to say let's say it has to be close enough.
But without going over.
So this is being sold on first dibs for $5,800 dollars.
Oh.
It's because of leather seats.
Really?
What is it?
It looks awful.
Yeah.
It's pretty good.
But I guess that's Christ for you.
It looks like the absence of sea.
Oh.
That's around old couch.
Yeah.
Is that the Friends couch?
That's a central perk.
Yeah.
That's central perk.
It's a deep, deep leather.
Yeah.
That is a deep.
We're looking at a three-seater.
Roll arm.
And correct me if I'm wrong.
But I think it might be a polyester cotton blend.
With a...
Imagine us correcting you.
I can't correct you.
Faster though.
Let's get $6,400.
$6,400.
Yeah.
I mean, I was so off in the last one that I'll say 9, 9, 9, 9.
So almost 10.
That one was 1850.
1800?
Yep.
So I won.
I was said I hired.
9, 9, 9, 9.
That's almost 10,000 dollars.
He's right.
Every little often.
Glass coffee table.
I fainted.
This is one of these ones.
This is through it.
Through it.
My mom found me.
Wait, what?
Oh my god.
This is how I found out that I have to eat more sugar.
I have low blood sugar.
And when I was a little kid, I got up too fast.
And then I just went down.
I went right through the table.
Let's go.
No cuts.
And my mom didn't process it.
She was bad about the table.
And then an hour later, she just broke down into yours.
Like she suddenly realized everything that could have just happened.
Wow.
Really scary.
They say like, get up too fast.
But everyone gets up at roughly the same speed.
It's not like you're now getting up slower because of that.
It's almost like there has to be issues different.
The issue is different than the speed at which you're getting up.
Yeah.
That's usually the like the thing that like tips that I exactly.
Anyway, faith is three.
It's not enough to just say something and an interesting tone.
You have to have substance to what you're saying.
And I think that one of us here could really learn from that.
And that is you because you say wisdom every eighth word.
What do we think?
Fourteen ninety guys.
Fourteen ninety nine.
Looks like good glass.
Okay.
This is totally not my aesthetic.
I don't like this like thick metal golf.
I'm over three.
I'm over four hundred and ninety nine dollars.
Yeah.
Casey, would you put this in your house?
No, not at all.
Fourteen ninety nine.
Four nine nine.
Yeah.
I'm going to give that to a mirror.
It's five forty four five hundred forty four dollars.
So that's twenty five dollars in a mirror's pocket.
That pays for the the fucking hot dog you ate.
It's more.
It certainly is.
It was not a hot dog.
There did not have a spirit of hot dog though.
It was the long thin turkey career.
Crescent witch.
It was a yardstick.
A unit of measurement.
We should go to.
I finished a yard house.
On the downtown sports bar.
What?
Nothing.
Next.
All right.
Um.
Wait.
Why did you choose this game?
Like I'm not if you're trying to be.
I mean, probably.
What price.
But he ran into the word.
Oh, it was.
Okay.
And then he wanted to do price of rice.
Got a sequel.
Yep.
And this.
This is just awful haunted bed frame.
Yes.
Much for this haunted bed frame.
I have a trip of phobia.
I don't know if you guys have that.
It's like the fear of holes.
Oh, yeah.
I hear that's not an actual real thing.
If you.
Sure.
That's not an actual phobia.
That.
It's like classified.
It's an official of fear.
I don't know what you have.
But um.
It's not that.
But like I've heard that before.
He needs this.
It's like it's like a leaf that has like a bunch of like.
Dots in it because and like insects have eaten it.
Yeah.
That triggers it.
Oh, no.
Sorry.
Eh.
$800.
$900.
Holy shit.
$9.61.
So why are you so excited like he nailed it?
Because he kind of did.
Not really.
I was closer with my last one.
$60 off.
You act like he absolutely spiked the right price.
I just am excited to give out money.
Okay.
I love sharing.
Yeah.
Oh.
awful.
Piral these are treasure chests.
These are sorts.
Gorgeous set of nightstands.
No.
I mean, the drawers on the front.
They really come like a lot of light and dark material.
It's on some of them.
It's so heavy looking.
It looks like a.
It's a.
I'm on the rice.
I'm not.
Yeah.
That is a tune there.
I'm going to watch for the Egyptian tool of $1900.
Okay.
And Billy.
I'm going to price that up.
I'm going to say $4200.
$1250.
Here we go.
We're running out of time.
We're finding these prices if they're after market.
Right next to the image.
That's why I had to go after market.
Because crisis.
Well, what?
What website are you using to search after market?
Christ's furniture.
First dibs, coyote, cherish.
The sorority.
Oh.
I drove back down to USC and just asked them how much money was in their living room.
awful awful stuff.
Love the legs.
Marble on top of cement.
It's kind of the opposite of Jeff's legs.
Yeah.
I think it's thicker than the lower you go down.
Exactly.
That looks like it way is a couple tons.
Yeah.
Like real tons.
And then let's get a marble top.
Okay.
It's even more weight.
I'm here.
You got to guess?
I'll say $1,999.
That's what I was going to say.
All right.
You're both wrong.
$1,400.
What?
And here we go.
What is that?
I knew you were going to see this.
That's a bet to add to each other's image.
Because I had your fucking voice man.
What is that?
So fucking sled.
That's either a bed frame or it is a magazine bookhole.
It's a sled frame.
It's in there.
No.
It's just a bed frame.
It looks disgusting.
It looks like something out of.
It's a wrong angle to take the photo.
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
That's the primary image.
You can't.
Yeah.
That could be the size of an eight and a half by 11 sheet of paper.
Do you like to sleep in the shape of the letter V?
Or can we do it in the bed frame for you?
Yeah.
You can't tell.
You need the other angle.
Unless you're sleeping at like a taco.
Right.
If you like sleep across it.
As if it's almost like a bun.
I think that's the only way you're sleeping in that bed frame.
It's right now.
It's about.
It's about a bow bed.
A bow bed.
A bow to bed.
Yeah.
I mean, that's just too quality to be cheap.
I'm saying it's big and leather.
That's leather.
Yeah.
It's leather.
I would take some wood.
Well, there's wood.
And then there's the tan part.
It's only interesting to talk about it for so long before you put it in
Guess.
You made the game.
So we're going to take part time.
$3,000.
I'm going to quadruple that.
12k.
Wow.
12 or $2,630.
Got it.
Yeah.
So I mean, you can pull out of this game too.
You can just like move out.
Two big concrete balls.
Yeah.
Big big balls.
Two big dice.
A block shot in a just a void of a world.
$500 each.
Like they don't show you where in the living room.
You could put these massive cement cubes.
Yeah.
A house filled with this furniture is no home for me.
I know what you mean.
I'm going to say it's $100.
And I know what you mean.
That's $3,000.
Yeah.
I said $500 each.
I'm realizing that people listen to this as a podcast as well.
So they're not like seeing any of these beds or dice.
Well, we've been sort of corporately forced to make it a video podcast.
So just watch it on YouTube.
But is this the best approach?
What's that?
Is this the best approach to making a video experience?
Like what you have to season performers here.
You know, you could probably just have us like be and exist together as opposed to, you know,
knowing that some dice of dice.
Yeah.
The price is dice.
Did it to do how much is the price of these price dice?
$3,000 for the set.
Right.
I'll take one for the price of a MacBook Pro, please.
I am peaking over at Jeff's computer right now.
And he has a buffer exercise.
Oh.
Gotta work that timing, guys.
You know, Adam Lustick and I made a song.
Sampling the song.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Is it available?
Can we listen to it?
Oh, we can listen to it.
What do I look up?
Snakes the jam.
It's a great song.
I don't know if it's going to be on YouTube.
It'll be on Bandcamp.
I believe it's on an album called The Network Takeover,
in which we remix television theme songs.
Wow, that's a smart idea.
And then wrapped over them.
One, two, three.
This is the jam.
Nice.
It's a summer pop song.
Yeah.
No.
I feel like this is, yeah.
Oh, I've heard this.
Oh, this is good.
I've heard this song.
No joke.
Wow.
Who's singing?
A friend Chloe.
That's Jua Lipa.
Yeah.
You take the prices right.
Add a little drum and bass.
So when you release the showcase, show down with my kids.
Know how we got the same feeling like here in Bandcamp.
I think we've got some of you to single summer anthem.
A jam to be slammed from a Hampton stands club.
I was crazy in love with hey y'all.
Now I agree.
The envelope with Bob Barker.
Yeah.
Haha.
This is the jam.
Bob Barker.
There's also Adam Lustock.
Yeah.
Does he know he's another male in here?
Say again.
Is there another dude?
Yeah.
Clayton.
Wow.
Clayton, early in Chloe we're up.
Bob Barker.
We made it through another 48 minutes of nonsense.
It's been a Monday.
Okay.
It's been bad.
Haha.
Why are you happy about it?
Because it's over.
Haha.
Plugs.
What do you guys have going on before doing this on Zoom?
Uh, in terms of how much fun I have.
I like doing it in studio.
But I said this last week.
It is harder to do it to be actually mean.
Yeah.
So I am worried that the listeners are going to be like.
This is different.
Interesting.
But I'll work up my confidence.
Yeah.
To be really.
Uh.
Maybe we can buy a screen in here.
In between us and Jeff.
Oh, that's what feels a little more confident to be.
You could just be a belief behind the screen, but still in the same room.
Exactly.
Well, we have three weeks till 100.
So.
Yeah.
We've three weeks to 100th episode.
Wow.
A lot of ideas.
Crazy.
What are you thinking for the big one zero zero?
I'm not going to show my hand on air.
But I'll tell you after we stop recording.
Did the first episode take place during quarantine?
Yeah.
It was late April 2020, I think.
Wow.
Right after.
Yeah.
It was probably a byproduct of.
It was supposed to be a quarantine.
Podcast where we got to see how the network was like, you know,
doing the stuff working from home.
And then somewhere on the late summer.
And then the decision was made the Jeff will host a rise.
Were you the host the whole time?
I don't think so.
I think I'm.
I think it was I may be vaguely Marie.
And I, but I don't think so.
Jeff wasn't even in the first 10 episode.
I have a website.
Billyscafiri.me.
Really?
Is that no?
No.
It's been around.
But you can see my work there.
If you're interested in sports videos and comedy,
you can see my work there.
I'm here and I host a podcast together.
A basketball podcast called.
Buckets and basketball is heating up.
So we're going to record some more episodes asap.
Lot of action.
Your Cleveland Cavaliers might miss the playoffs.
I know.
It's.
Bucked.
You peaked really early.
Well, we just have injuries.
It's probably out.
Still.
And Jared Allen still.
Jared.
There was a statistic that like we were like.
Fifteen and three or something with Jared Allen in the line up.
And then without him, it's we were like.
Fif five.
So sex didn't know Rubio.
MVP buzz.
Yeah.
Jared Allen.
He has my vote.
It's got my vote too.
But next year.
But yeah, Buckets and no joke on the head.
Come to work.
Listen to those, please.
That's fine, too.
Nice.
At Jeff Boyardy on Twitter.
Quietly.
At Jeff Boyardy.
Actually.
Oh, also snakesmusic.bantcamp.com.
Yeah.
You want to listen to more music.
Thanks for.
For music.
Dot Bantcamp.
I'm almost a 10,000 Twitter followers.
So tell your friends.
I tweet.
Pretty good shit.
And.
Do you want to tell the listeners about.
The seven tweets.
The seven.
Yes.
Do you want to remember the origin of that?
Well, we'll do.
I know the origin of that.
Do you want to very briefly?
Yeah.
You texted me that actor Finn.
The three of me and that actor Finn.
Yeah.
You thought I was his friend Billy.
Does he have a friend named Billy?
Oh, I tried to make a group chat with me, Finn and Billy Brick.
Yes.
This like, like, very complicated bit that obviously I wasn't supposed to be a part of and didn't want to be a part of.
And I said, uh, to make up for this, you owe me seven tweets by my design.
Yeah.
We created a character named Andy.
With an eye.
And you tweeted as I had to eat for a couple of.
Yeah.
And then he liked it so much.
I think he.
Over deliver.
This is going to be the summer.
I saw it in our garlic and he just produced it.
I was just like, this is no longer a punishment.
This is a game.
The return of Andy.
And then someone who didn't follow me named Andy and the eye retweeted it.
And then I quote tweeted that no fucking way.
I think my favorite was Andy's tweets are dishwasher safe.
You came up with that.
Yeah.
And there it was on the timeline.
And yeah, he tweeted fire.
Not that bad.
No.
Yeah.
I'm trying to put it in.
And it was so.
It wasn't anything.
That's true.
And neither is Twitter.
So there's low stakes there.
Yeah.
But almost 10,000 followers folks.
Wow.
And follow.
If you don't want to see 700.
700 more followers.
I think ish till 10,000.
And we'll do something special on the show for the.
Maybe the 10,000 and the 100th episode can come together.
Join four.
If I could get 800 new followers in the next three weeks.
That would be.
That would be fun to have telethon style.
Just like a overlay.
Are we going to be gone there?
All I need is a retweet for me, really.
Because I always pick up followers and droves.
So I just needed to tweet something worthy of the retweet.
So far, nothing yet.
But hey, you keep on at it.
Who knows what will happen.
Yeah.
Maybe if Andy makes his return.
That's what you read to me.
I'm more of an Andy guy.
Same.
Love it.
I also like Rodney.
You're clothing altering.
Yeah.
I am going to spring clean actually soon.
And Rodney's closet will be making a grand reveal slash return.
On investment.
So please look out for that.
Rodney's death dot closet on Instagram.
Rodney's death dot.
And we got a lot of, we got a lot of sweats.
We got a lot of eyebrows.
Yeah.
Concerned.
I played Gaston in a musical of Beauty and the Beast in eighth grade.
Is actually developed these muscles as I was a growing boy.
Wow.
Were you really Gaston?
Yeah.
Dude.
We got to see some photos on social media.
Do you have any pictures?
Yeah.
We'd love to see them.
We'll do it the next time you're on.
Great.
Thanks so much for listening guys to this week's episode.
We'll see you guys in the next week.
Until next week.
That's does folks.
Huh?
That's does.
So it's the hard got.
That was a hit dumb original.